Added note about possible ssh issues with bashrc (#5091)
redwoodjs/redwood: docs/docs/deploy/baremetal.md

The easiest connection method is generally to include your own public key in the server's `~/.ssh/authorized_keys` file, [enable agent forwarding](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/overview/using-ssh-agent-forwarding), and then set `agentForward = true` in `deploy.toml`. This will allow you to use your own credentials when pulling code from GitHub (required for private repos). Otherwise you can create a [deploy key](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/overview/managing-deploy-keys) and keep it on the server.

> **SSH and non-interactive sessions - Possible Issues**
>

> > The deployment process uses a 'non-interactive' ssh session to run commands on the remote server. A non-interactive session will often load a minimal amount of settings for better compatibility and speed. In some versions of Linux `.bashrc` by default does not load (by design) from a non-interactive session. This can lead to `yarn` (or other commands) not being found by the deployment script, even though they are in your path. A quick fix for this on Ubuntu is to edit the deployment users `.bashrc` and comment out the lines that stop non-interactive processing.

Reviewer: Not everybody knows what an "non-interactive" shell is, me _in primis_.
Could it be useful linking the related documentation shell for people that would like to learn more about it?

```suggestion
> The deployment process uses a '[non-interactive](https://tldp.org/LDP/abs/html/intandnonint.html)' ssh session to run commands on the remote server. A non-interactive session will often load a minimal amount of settings for better compatibility and speed. In some versions of Linux `.bashrc` by default does not load (by design) from a non-interactive session. This can lead to `yarn` (or other commands) not being found by the deployment script, even though they are in your path. A quick fix for this on Ubuntu is to edit the deployment users `.bashrc` and comment out the lines that stop non-interactive processing.
```
